darwin: add macOS to CrossPlatformCryptography document (#1488)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/CrossPlatformCryptography.md

Microsoft Go officially supports the built-in providers and [SCOSSL (SymCrypt provider for OpenSSL)](https://github.com/microsoft/SymCrypt-OpenSSL) v1.6.1 or later.
SCOSSL is expected to be used with the default built-in provider enabled as a fallback (which is the case when using [Azure Linux 3](https://github.com/microsoft/AzureLinux)).

## macOS

On macOS, Microsoft Go uses [CommonCrypto](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/System/Conceptual/ManPages_iPhoneOS/man3/Common%20Crypto.3cc.html) and [CryptoKit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/cryptokit) for cryptographic operations.

> CommonCrypto and CryptoKit is shipped with macOS and it doesn't require any additional installation nor configuration. Currently macOS 13 and above is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CommonCrypto and CryptoKit are shipped with macOS and don't require any additional installation nor configuration.
Currently macOS 13 and above is supported.
```

- [crypto/rc4](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/rc4)

| Cipher + Mode | Windows | Linux          | macOS |
| ------------- | ------- | -------------- | ----- |
| AES-ECB       | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| AES-CBC       | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| AES-CTR       | ❌      | ✔️             | ❌    |
| AES-CFB       | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |
| AES-OFB       | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |
| AES-GCM       | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| DES-CBC       | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ✔️    |
| DES-ECB       | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ✔️    |
| 3DES-ECB      | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| 3DES-CBC      | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| RC4           | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ✔️    |

<sup>1</sup>When using OpenSSL 3, requires the legacy provider to be enabled.

### AES-GCM keys, nonces, and tags

- Key Sizes

  AES-GCM works with 128, 192, and 256-bit keys.

- Nonce Sizes

  AES-GCM works with 12-byte nonces.

- Tag Sizes

  AES-GCM works with 16-byte tags.

## Asymmetric encryption

This section includes the following subsections:

- [RSA](#rsa)
- [ECDSA](#ecdsa)
- [ECDH](#ecdh)
- [Ed25519](#ed25519)
- [DSA](#dsa)

### RSA

> [!WARNING]  

> > System Libraries might not fully implement all RSA features. Please see the subsections below for more information.

Reviewer: Why a warning for RSA in particular? Many of the tables have feature gaps explained below them.

Also:

```suggestion
> System libraries might not fully implement all RSA features. Please see the subsections below for more information.
```

- [crypto/rc4](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/rc4)

| Cipher + Mode | Windows | Linux          | macOS |
| ------------- | ------- | -------------- | ----- |
| AES-ECB       | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| AES-CBC       | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| AES-CTR       | ❌      | ✔️             | ❌    |
| AES-CFB       | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |
| AES-OFB       | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |
| AES-GCM       | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| DES-CBC       | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ✔️    |
| DES-ECB       | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ✔️    |
| 3DES-ECB      | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| 3DES-CBC      | ✔️      | ✔️             | ✔️    |
| RC4           | ✔️      | ⚠️<sup>1</sup> | ✔️    |

<sup>1</sup>When using OpenSSL 3, requires the legacy provider to be enabled.

### AES-GCM keys, nonces, and tags

- Key Sizes

  AES-GCM works with 128, 192, and 256-bit keys.

- Nonce Sizes

  AES-GCM works with 12-byte nonces.

- Tag Sizes

  AES-GCM works with 16-byte tags.

## Asymmetric encryption

This section includes the following subsections:

- [RSA](#rsa)
- [ECDSA](#ecdsa)
- [ECDH](#ecdh)
- [Ed25519](#ed25519)
- [DSA](#dsa)

### RSA

> [!WARNING]  

> > System libraries might not fully implement all RSA features. Please see the subsections below for more information.

Reviewer: Why a warning for RSA in particular? Many of the tables have feature gaps explained below them.

(Reposting https://github.com/microsoft/go/pull/1488#discussion_r1917150934, I suppose I should have split it into two comments.)

Author: hmm good point, maybe it's implied (or perhaps we should have this warning at the top of the document)?

Reviewer: It sounds like the main concern here is that it's not necessarily clear that there's more info below the table--in that case I think we should use numbered notes more consistently and bring global-ish info above the table:
* https://github.com/microsoft/go/pull/1507

Reviewer: More generally, I think these parts establish pretty well that features have limitations:

> At a fine-grained level, Go apps will fall back to the native Go implementation of an algorithm if the OS libraries don't support it. This article identifies the features that are supported on each platform.

> When an algorithm is not supported or the limitations are exceeded, Microsoft Go will fall back to the Go implementation.

| TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305          | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |
| TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305          | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |
| TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305        | ❌      | ❌             | ❌    |

<sup>1</sup>When using OpenSSL 3, requires the legacy provider to be enabled.

### Curves and Groups

Below are the supported [`tls.CurveIDs`](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/tls#CurveID).

| Name           | Windows | Linux | macOS |
| -------------- | ------- | ----- | ----- |
| CurveP256      | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |
| CurveP384      | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |
| CurveP521      | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |
| X25519         | ❌      | ❌    | ❌    |
| X25519MLKEM768 | ❌      | ❌    | ❌    |

### Signature Schemes

Below are the supported [`tls.SignatureSchemes`](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/tls#SignatureScheme).

| Name                   | Windows | Linux | macOS |
| ---------------------- | ------- | ----- | ----- |
| PKCS1WithSHA1          | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |
| PKCS1WithSHA256        | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |
| PKCS1WithSHA384        | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |
| PKCS1WithSHA512        | ✔️      | ✔️    | ✔️    |

> | PSSWithSHA1            | ❌      | ❌    | ✔️    |

Reviewer: PSSWithSHA1 doesn't show up in the TLS package, where's it from?
